P1: So, um what I heard is that Nancy is having an affair with her college professor, and she’s not telling any of her friends about it because she’s actually pregnant with his baby, um, the problem is that the professor, he doesn’t want to, oh sorry I’ll go again with that one. The professor is promising to marry her, except, now that she’s pregnant, he’s not gonna marry her. So she’s threatening to now tell his wife.
P1: So, Nancy is having an affair with her college professor, and she hasn’t told her friends about it because she’s pregnant, she’s embarrassed, and um the professor, since he found out that she’s pregnant, he’s not going to marry her, or he broke up with his wife, and so Nancy is threatening to tell the professor’s wife.

P2: So, apparently, Nancy is having an affair with her college professor, um, she hasn’t told her friends yet because she’s actually pregnant, with, like, his baby. Um, and, the professor originally said that he was going to marry Nancy, but now that he found out that she’s pregnant he is not going to do that any more, he is not going to divorce his wife. And, now because of that Nancy is threatening to tell the professor’s wife about everything.
P2: So, Nancy is having an affair with her college professor. Um, sorry, so Nancy is having an affair with her college professor. Um, and she is not telling any of her friends about it because she’s actually pregnant with his baby, um, the professor originally was saying to Nancy that he would marry her and divorce his wife but he’s no longer gonna do that now that he found out that she’s actually pregnant. Um, so because of that now she’s threatening to tell his wife about the entire thing.

 
P3: So uh, this girl nancy is having an affair with a college professor uh, and she actually got, so she wasn’t telling her friends, or anyone, but then she got pregnant. Then, although they, or both, the professor was telling Nancy that they were going to get married, so they were planning on getting married, but now that the professor found out that she’s pregnant, he doesn’t want to marry her any more. So now Nancy is threatening to tell her wife about the affair. To tell his wife about the affair.
P3: So, here goes again. So nancy is having, was having an affair with a college professor, and she wasn’t telling anyone. They were orginially planning on getting married, but then Nancy actually got pregnant, and now that she’s got pregnant, the professor said that he doesn’t want to marry her any more. So Nancy is now threatening to tell his wife.

P4: So I just heard a story that  there was a girl Nancy, and she had an affair with a college professor, and um, they planned to get married but then she got pregnant, and then the professor uh, decided that he doesn’t want to get married any more, and now Nancy threatens the professor to tell his wife.
P4: So there’s this girl Nancy and she has an affair, she had an affair with a college professor and um, yeah she turned pregnant, so they planned to get married but she turned pregnant and now he doesn’t want to get married any more and she threatens his wife to tell her, no she threatens him to tell his wife.


P5: There was a girl that was named Nancy, and she was having an affair with a professor, they were planning to get married, in the meantime she got pregnant, and the professor changed his mind, and then Nancy threatened him to tell his wife.
P5: So, there was a girl named Nancy, had an affair with a professor, they were planning to get married, in the meantime she got pregnant and the professor changed his mind, and Nancy threatened to tell his wife.


