P0: Nancy is an 18-year old math student at the University of Chicago. Nancy is having an affair with her married college professor. She has been lying to her friends about seeing him. Nancy recently became pregnant with the professor’s child. The professor promised Nancy that he would leave his wife, but since she told him she was pregnant, the professor has refused to see her. Nancy finally told the truth to her friend Taylor. Taylor was shocked. He has been sleeping with the professor too.  Nancy is threatening to tell the professor’s wife about the affair.
P0: Nancy is an 18-year old math student at the University of Chicago. Nancy is having an affair with her married college professor. She has been lying to her friends about seeing him. Nancy recently became pregnant with the professor’s child. The professor promised Nancy that he would leave his wife, but since she told him she was pregnant, the professor has refused to see her. Nancy finally told the truth to her friend Taylor. Taylor was shocked. He has been sleeping with the professor too.  Nancy is threatening to tell the professor’s wife about the affair.

P1: Nancy is an 18-year old math student  at the university of chicago and she’s been sleeping with her married professor. Recently she became pregnant with professor’s kid. Professor had been promising to leave his wife for her but since she said she was pregnant he stopped answering, he dissappeard or something like that. So Nancy have been lying to her friends about seeing the professor but now she decided to tell her friend Taylor, it turns out he  has also been sleeping with the professor so now Nancy is threatening to tell all this to professor’s wife. 
P1: So Nancy is 18-year old student majoring in math at the univerisity of Chicago.  She’s been having an affair with her college, married college professor and has been lying to her frinds about it. She got pregnant by the said professor and when she told professor stopped even though he said he’s gonna leave his wife for Nancy, when he found out that Nancy is pregnant he stopped talking to her. So Nancy finally confided in her friend Taylor who also confesed that… believe Taylor was a gentelmen… was having an affair with the college professor as well. I think this is the end of the story.

P2: Ok so get this Nancy just an 18-year old math student at the unviersity of Chicago she was having an affair  with a professor who is married. The professor was telling her that he is going to leave his wife for her. She got pregnant and the professor stopped returning her calls. Up to this point she didn’t tell anybody about this affair and so she told her friend Taylor and it turned out that Taylor was also having an affair with the professor. And so Nancy who has been relatively quiet about this decided to tell the professor’s wife.
P2: Ok this is a pretty short story about ..Nancy is a student from Chicago university and she is presently having an affair with a professor and the thing is that at the beging they tried to keep that in secret but the fact that she is pregnant right now she decided to talk with her friend, her name is Taylor, but the big issue is that Taylor also had an affair with the same professor so right now they are pretty.

P3: Nancy is a student at the University of Chicago and she’s having an affair with one of her professors, now they are kind of keeping it a secret and Nancy becomes pregnant she decides to confies in her friend Taylor and she finds out that Taylor was also having an affair with the professor. At this point… they have been secretive before and she decides to make it public. 
P3: There’s 18-year old student named Nancy and she has affair with a professor, who’s married and have kids but he’s saying oh I’m gonna leave them… Nancy also told some of her friends, don’t remember the name Terry? And she’s like oh I am also having an affair with him… Nancy tells the wife what’s happening.

P4: So this girl Nancy she’s an 18-year old student at the University of Chicago and she is having an affair, or she was having an affair with a professor who is married with kids and I guess he was keeping them a secret until she got pregnant and at which point she decided to share, I guess make it public, more specifically, no, not true,  she decided to tell her friend Taylor, who apparently was also having an affair with the same professor, so at which point, Nancy made it all public.  
P4: This is a story about Nancy who is a CSS summer student she is an undergraduate and from the university of Chicago, she became involved with a professor who happened to be married and may have children at which point when she discovered she was pregnant from the affair decided to tell her friend named Taylor about her situation at which point she found out that Taylor also sleeps with the professor. 

P5: That was a story about Nancy, an undergrad, 18-year or 19-year old student that was also at the summer school, not this year but some years back. She had an affair with a professor who might probably married and probably had kids. When she got pregnant from the affair she discussed it with friend of her called Taylor then she found out that her friend also had an affair and was also sleeping with the professor she made it public. 
P5:  This is a story about Nancy, who is a 18-year old undergrad student at university of Chicago she was participating at the CSSS. Nancy become involved, romantically involved with a professor of hers, the professor is married and has children and at some point Nancy become pregnant from this professor and rather than ging publicly with this information and outing the professor about the affair she decides to confies in her friend Taylor and that way discover that Taylor was also involved with the same professor and here we are.
