P0: Nancy is having an affair with her married college professor. She has been lying to her friends about seeing him. Nancy recently became pregnant with the professor’s child. The professor promised Nancy that he would leave his wife, but since she told him she was pregnant, the professor has refused to see her. Nancy is threatening to tell the professor’s wife about the affair.
P0: Nancy is having an affair with her married college professor. She has been lying to her friends about seeing him. Nancy recently became pregnant with the professor’s child. The professor promised Nancy that he would leave his wife, but since she told him she was pregnant, the professor has refused to see her. Nancy is threatening to tell the professor’s wife about the affair.


P1: Nancy is having an affair with her married professor ummm Nancy has recently become pregnant as a product of this affair. The Professor said that he would leave his wife, but since Nancy told him that she was pregnant he’s refused to see her. 
P1: Nancy has or had an affair with one of her university professors and professor promised to leave his wife to be with Nancy. But she’s got pregnant recently and and after she told him umm he apparently decided to not leave his wife. And now she threatened to tell the wife about the afair.

P2: Nancy is having an afair with her  maried professor and Nancy has become pregnant and the professor has decided to not leave his wife upon hearing that Nancy is pregnant and he does not want to see her any more.
P2: So Nancy is having an affair with one of her professor mm and the professor told her that he would leave his wife for her but now that Nancy is pregnant due to the affair mmm the professor does not want to talk to Nancy any more and now Nancy is thinking about telling the wife of the professor about this affair.

P3: So Nancy is having an affair with her maried professor and (laughs) ...sorry…ok... Nancy is having an affair with her married professor and professor had told Nancy that he would leave his wife for her and now Nancy is pregnant and the professor does not plan to leave his wife any more and Nancy is contemplating telling his wife about the affair.
P3: So Nancy has an affair with a professor and she is pregnant umm and the professor does not want to leave his wife so he does not want to talk to Nancy any more and now Nancy wants to tell his wife about the affair.

P4: So Nancy had an affair with a professor, but that professor is married and now Nancy is pregnant but the professor does not want to tell his wife so Nancy is contemplating telling the professor’s wife that she’s pregnant.
P4: Nancy has an affair with a professor and the professor said he’s gonna leave his wife and now Nancy is pregnant and the professor decides not to leave his wife and then Nancy decides to tell his wife about the affair.

P5: Umm yeah so there is this student Nancy and she has an affair with a professor and apparently the professor promissed her that he would leave his wife but then he decides not to when he hears that she is pregnant so she is contemplating whether or not to tell his wife about the affair but then decides to do it.
P5: So Nancy is having an affair with a professor and she in her relationship she gets pregnant and initially she tells this to professor and professor says that she/he is going to tell this to his wife but eventually decides not to do that and now Nancy is thinking about telling that she’s pregnant to professor’s wife.


