P0: Nancy is an 18-year old math student at the University of Chicago. Nancy is having an affair with her married college professor. She has been lying to her friends about seeing him. Nancy recently became pregnant with the professor’s child. The professor promised Nancy that he would leave his wife, but since she told him she was pregnant, the professor has refused to see her. Nancy finally told the truth to her friend Taylor. Taylor was shocked. He has been sleeping with the professor too.  Nancy is threatening to tell the professor’s wife about the affair.
P0: Nancy is an 18-year old math student at the University of Chicago. Nancy is having an affair with her married college professor. She has been lying to her friends about seeing him. Nancy recently became pregnant with the professor’s child. The professor promised Nancy that he would leave his wife, but since she told him she was pregnant, the professor has refused to see her. Nancy finally told the truth to her friend Taylor. Taylor was shocked. He has been sleeping with the professor too.  Nancy is threatening to tell the professor’s wife about the affair.


P1: Nancy is an 18-year old maths student of the university of Chicago, who is been having an affair with her professor who is married.  She subsequently got pregnant and her professor told her that he is gonna leave his wife for her. But when she told the professor that she was, uhm, pregnant, he hasn't talked to her. Until this point, she has not confided to any of her friends. All right. But, after, uhm, since the professor stop talking to her, she is subsequently confided in Taylor, who apparently is also having an affair with the professor. What I am unclear about is whether or not Taylor is a boy or a girl, because it's said, it’s like he sad he but he could have said she. Uhm, so Taylor is kind of ambiguous name.
P1: So, Nancy, eighteen years old maths student from the university of Chicago, having an affair with her married professor, with her married professor that she works with, got pregnant. All right. The professor told her that, that he was going to leave, he was going to leave his wife for her, but after she told that she was pregnant, he's subsequently stop talking, talking to her. Up until this point, she did not confided with any of her friends, but she is now confide with her friend Taylor, who is also having an affair with the professor, and it is unclear to me whether Taylor is a boy or a girl. I would imagine it's a girl, but it sounds like he said "he" in the recording.

P2: So, Nancy is an 18-year old maths student, undergraduate. She is having an affair with her professor. Oh yeah, because he is married and he told her that he was going to leave his wife for her. Uhm, But, she got pregnant, but not the wife, the..,but Nancy. And he has stop talking to her now that she is pregnant. Uhm, she is recently confided in her friend Taylor about, about this affair, hence Taylor is also having an affair with the professor at the university.
P2: Nancy is an eighteen years old undergraduate. And uhm,  She is sleeping with her professor, and uhm, at the university. Uhm,  The professor, uhm had told her, uhm that she was, he was going to leave, uhm, he was going to leave his wife to be with her. But then Nancy got pregnant and he subsequently stop talking to her. He then, well I don't know what he's doing. But Nancy can tell her friends about this situation and the friend Taylor. Uhm, hence, the friend Taylor is also having an affair with the professor.

P3: Nancy is an 18-year old undergraduate at an university. She is having an affair with her professor who is married. And,  he told her that he was going to leave his wife for her, until she got pregnant and when she told him, he stopped talking to her. So, she told her friend, Taylor, and it turned out Taylor is also having an affair with a professor in their university.
P3: Nancy is an 18-year old undergraduate. And, uhm, she is having an affair with her professor who is married and he told her he was going to leave his wife for her, until he found out she was pregnant, Nancy, Nancy is and he stop talking to her. So, Nancy told her friend Taylor about this, and it turns out Taylor is also having an affair with a professor in the university.

P4: Nancy is an 18-year old undergraduate. And she is having an affair with her professor and the professor told her that he would leave his wife for her, until he found out that she got pregnant and after this he stopped talking to her. Hence, she discussed this with her friend Taylor who is also having an affair with a professor at the university.
P4: Nancy is an 18-year old undergraduate. She is having an affair with her professor and her professor said that he would leave his wife for her, but when she told    him that she became pregnant he cut off ties with her. Nancy discussed this with her friend and her friend Taylor also said that she was also having an affair with a professor.

P5: Nancy is an 18-year old undergraduate. She is having an affair with her professor and the professor apparently told her that he would leave his wife for her, until she told him that she is pregnant and after that he basically cut ties with her. She discussed this with one of her friends, but her friend also told her that she is also having an affair with one of her professor.
P5: Nancy is an 18-year old undergraduate. She is having an affair with one of her professors and the professor told her that he is going to leave his wife for her, but then, when she told him that she is pregnant she cut tie with her. Then she discussed, she discussed this with one of her friends and her friend told her that she is also having an affair wit one of her professors.



