
P0: Nancy is an 18-year old math student at the University of Chicago. Nancy is having an affair with her married college professor. She has been lying to her friends about seeing him. Nancy recently became pregnant with the professor’s child. The professor promised Nancy that he would leave his wife, but since she told him she was pregnant, the professor has refused to see her. Nancy finally told the truth to her friend Taylor. Taylor was shocked. He has been sleeping with the professor too.  Nancy is threatening to tell the professor’s wife about the affair.
P0: Nancy is an 18-year old math student at the University of Chicago. Nancy is having an affair with her married college professor. She has been lying to her friends about seeing him. Nancy recently became pregnant with the professor’s child. The professor promised Nancy that he would leave his wife, but since she told him she was pregnant, the professor has refused to see her. Nancy finally told the truth to her friend Taylor. Taylor was shocked. He has been sleeping with the professor too.  Nancy is threatening to tell the professor’s wife about the affair.


P1: So, Nancy is a student at the university of Chicago, and she, um, she’d been having an affair with her married professor. And she was keeping it a secret from her friends and not telling them about it, and then she found out she was pregnant to the married professor, and he had said he would leave his wife. Um, but once she’d told professor that she was pregnant he just stopped speaking with her. And she had been keeping it a secret from her friends and then she finally told one of her friends about the affair, her friend Taylor, or Tyler, Pete has a hard to understand accent. And, he was really shocked about it because he was sleeping with the professor as well, so I mean both of these students were sleeping with the married professor. And so she was gonna, threatened to tell the wife, about the affair.

P1: So nancy, she’s a student at the university of chicago and she’d been having an affair with her professor, her married professor, and she’d been keeping it a secret from her friends. Then she found out that she was pregnant with the married professor’s child. He had been saying that he would leave his wife, but once she told him about the pregnancy, the professor just stopped speaking with her. And then, eventually she told one of her friends about the affair, her friend Tyler and he was really shocked about the information because it turned out he was also having an affair with the married professor and so  Nancy was threatening to tell the wife of the professor about the affair.

 

P2: A person named nancy from the university of Chicago had an affair with his professor, who is married. And she decided not to tell it to any of her friends, now um, eventually she found out that she was pregnant from this affair and she decided to tell this story to one of her friends, but you know, this friend, called um, was very surprised because she was also having an affair with this professor. So when Nancy told this professor that she was pregnant, he just stopped talking to her. As I remember, he was going to separate, but after he got the news, he just stopped talking to her and then nancy threatened to speak to his wife.
P2: Nancy is a student at the university of Chicago had an affair with her professor who is a married man, and she decided not to tell any of her friends about this affair, and she eventually got to know that she was pregnant from this professor, and eh, when she told her about when she was pregnant, this professor decided not to talk to her. And now nancy told one of his friends about this affair, and then this friend got upset because she was also having an affair with this professor, and eh, nancy was going to threat to talk to his wife since he decided not to talk to her anymore.

 
P3: So, um, I heard that um, a particular student from last year’s summer school, female from the university of Chicago. Um, she basically had an affair with her professor, and she kept this a secret for um, I don’t know how long but for quite a long time, until uh, one day she found out she was pregnant. So when she found out she was pregnant she then confided in another close friend of hers, at the university of Chicago, and told her ‘hey I’m pregnant from professor so-and-so’ and as soon as she told that her friend informed her that ‘oh im also having an affair with the same professor, so they basically had a love triangle. Um, so the student from the summer school then confronted the professor and said ‘hey Im pregnant now’ and upon hearing this news the professor basically ex-communicated his former lover. At that point, I think the student, she was in a very tough situation and kept trying to contact the professor to sort of come up with some sort of way forward, he didn’t reply to any of the communication so she then said ‘hey Im gonna tell your wife’, sorry yeah the professor was married. ‘Hey I’m gonna tell your wife about our affair and about our baby.’ And ah, that’s all I remember from the story but yeah.
P3: So, from last year’s summer school there was a student from the university of Chicago. She had been having a long term affair with her professor um and which she did- and which she had kept that to herself as a secret, until she found out that she was pregnant well then she told one of her closest friends about the affair and the pregnancy, at that moment her friend replied ‘I’m also having an affair with this professor, who’s married’. Um, so upon hearing this she went to the professor and also, you know, just looking for a way forward how to proceed since she was pregnant, because it was his baby, apparently, and at that point the professor stopped communicating with the student and she was left in a very desperate situation so she kept trying to contact him, still no response, and at that point she said ‘well Im gonna contact your wife, let her know about our affair, let her know I’m pregnant with your baby.’ So, very dramatic stuff

 
P4: So I heard this story before from Chris and this is the story about a student from last year’s summer school. So the student was having an affair, a love story, with her professor and at some point she discovered that she was pregnant, and then she went to report this to a friend of hers from the university of Chicago, and also this other girl was having a, so a second case, she discovered, (Participant 5 interrupts). So this friend was having an affair, this girl was having an affair with this professor, and then she was reporting the story to a friend of hers, to a friend of herself, and she discovered that also her was having an affair with the same professor, Ok? And then I think, so she wanted to talk about the baby to the professor, and she reported to the professor that she was pregnant. Um, the professor was not responding for quite a while, and at some point she took the decision to say to the professor ‘look if you keep not responding to me, I will have to contact your wife and to tell about our affair and about our baby.’

 
P4: So, the story I heard was about a girl from, a student from last year’s summer school. She as having a love story, an affair with a married professor, and at some point she discovered that she was pregnant. She also decided to report this story to another friend, a student from her university, that also was having an affair with this professor, so two cases. Then in the meantime she realised that she wanted to report the story to the professor, the father of the baby, and she did it, and for a long time actually the professor stopped answering, even if he knew now that there was a baby involved. The first student was eh, at some point decided to contact  back again the professor because she couldn’t bare all of this any longer, and she decided, you know, to tell him ‘look if you don’t reply I will contact your wife, and report also the baby’.

 
P5: Yes, there is a student of the last year summer school, and she has had an affair with her professor and she became pregnant, and she tell her mother about this, no, her friend, and her friend has an affair with the same professor, ooh I forgot, oh and she tried to contact this professor but he couldn’t answer her, and I think that’s it, I don’t remember.

P5: Ok, there is some girl of the last year summer school, and she had an affair with her professor, and she became pregnant, and she told this to her friend, and he friend has had an affair with the same professor, and she couldn’t, and eh, and she asked her professor about the baby and this, and he couldn’t answer her.


